docs: :building_construction: add interface design docs (#31)
seedcase-project/check-datapackage: docs/design/interface.qmd

    Attributes:
        exclude (list[Exclude]): Any issues matching any of these exclusions will be
            ignored (i.e., removed from the output of the check function).
        rules (list[Rule]): Custom checks listed here will be done in addition
            to checks defined in the Data Package standard.
        version (str): Version(s) of the Data Package standard to check against.
            Defaults to "v2".
        strict (bool): Whether to run recommended as well as required checks. If
            True, recommended checks will also be run. Default is False.
    """
    exclude: list[Exclude] = None

>     rules: list[Rule] = None

Reviewer: Do we prefer `None` to the empty list when no exclusions / rules are given?

    """Exclude specific checks when checking a Data Package descriptor.

    Attributes:
        target (str): [JSON path](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSONPath)
            to the field or fields in the input object where errors should be ignored,
            e.g., `$.resources[*].name`. Needs to point to the location in the descriptor
            of the error to ignore.
        type (str | None): The type of the check to ignore (e.g., "required" or
            "pattern").  If not provided, all types of checks will be ignored for
            the given target.
    """
    target: str
    type: str | None = None
```

#### {{< var wip >}} `Rule`

Expresses a custom check.

``` python
@dataclass
class Rule:
    """A custom check to be done on a Data Package descriptor.

    Attributes:
        target (str): [JSON path](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSONPath)
            to the field or fields in the input object where the rule should be used,
            e.g., `$.resources[*].name`. Needs to point to the location in the descriptor
            for the rule to apply to.

>         type (str | None): The type of the check to apply the rule to (e.g., "required" or
>             "pattern").  If not provided, the rule will apply to all targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        type (str): The type of the check defined by the rule. Can be a type that
            exists in the Data Package standard (e.g., "required" or "pattern") or a
            custom type.
```
For a `Rule`, `type` is just an identifier and can be anything. The rule always applies to all targets, regardless of its `type`. `type` is used in other contexts for excluding or looking through errors.

            format, pointing to the field in the input object where the issue is located.
            For example, `"$.resources[2].name"`.

>         issue (string): A description of what exactly the issue is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        message (string): A description of what exactly the issue is.
```
?
